Mum and Dad loved kayaking.

They would drag me out of bed every Sunday, just to go for a "casual kayaking adventure".

I never liked it, in fact I hated it. The ocean is a scary place. Haven't you heard of people disappearing in the middle of the sea, never to be seen again? Yeah, I hate that.

Nevertheless, I followed my parents again when they requested me to follow them on their "exciting adventure", since I did not have much of a choice anyway. 

The day started out fine, the sky was clear and a gentle sea breeze caressed my cheeks as I paddled my kayak. It seemed like one of those amazing beach movie scenes. 
Of course, the movie in consideration not being Jaws.

We set out 30 minutes ago, and the weather still seemed fine.

*Thunder rumbles*

I think that's just Zeus being a little upset. It's fine.

*Wind intensifies*

"Uh, mum! dad! I think we should head back!"

"It's fine! We're almost at our destination! The lighthouse is just 5 minutes away!"

Well, yes, we were close to the lighthouse. But we could probably seek some shelter at that island which was just a couple of yards away.

Whatever. They're probably right.

*The boat starts rocking, waves crash around the kayak*

And I let out a stifled scream. Things didn't seem to be going well.

*A huge wave approaches*

At that moment, Mum and Dad started panicking, and they shouted to me,"HOLD ON!!"

Shutting my eyes tight, I clung onto my kayak for dear life.

And momentarily, I raised my head above the water to take a peek. My hands were still holding on to the boat tighty, and I decided to flip it around, crawling back onto it.

Hold up, where's Mum?? Where's Dad???

Water didn't fill my lungs, but desperation did, my emotions suffocating me, the wind draining the warmth out of me. 

Another wave approached.

Is this what happens in the movies?

Maybe my tragedy will be their inspiration.

*2 DAYS LATER*

"Good evening. 2 days ago a thunderstorm was spotted along the coast of the Sounthern beach. It is reported that a family of 3 was last seen kayaking within that area.
However, unfortunately, the authorities have failed to locate their bodies. They will continue to do so. If you have seen the family, please contact 999 immediately.
We send our deepest condolences to those who know the family."

Approximately 10 kilometres from Southern beach, a body was washed ashore on a tiny island.
